resume.md, before:

# Emily LaMena
- Email: emilylamena@mines.edu
- Location: Golden, CO
- ![Image](https://www.mines.edu/grewcockscholars/wp-content/uploads/sites/344/2023/08/Emily-LaMena.jpg)
## Education
- BSc. Geophysical Engineering, Colorado School of Mines (2027)
    - [Grewcock Presidential Scholar](https://www.mines.edu/grewcockscholars/)
    - [Cross Country / Track and Field](https://minesathletics.com/sports/cross-country)
- High School Diploma, John H. Glenn High School (2023)

## Relevant Coursework
### Spring 2025
- **GPGN 229**: Mathematical Geophysics
- **GPGN 268**: Geophysical Data Analysis
- **GPGN 498**: Geohazards
- **DSCI 503**: Advanced Data Science
### Fall 2024
- **GPGN 228**: Introduction to Geophysics
- **GEGN 212**: The Rock Cycle

## Experience
### Lifeguard, Trident Recreation - Long Island, NY
- June 2024 - August 2024
### Soccer Trainer, Long Island Goalkeeper Training - Smithtown, NY
- September 2019 - June 2022
### Summer Camp Counselor, Elwood Athletic Club - East Northport, NY
- June 2021 - August 2021

Commit message:

Add hyperlink to LinkedIn profile

resume.md, after:

# Emily LaMena
- Email: emilylamena@mines.edu
- Location: Golden, CO
- [LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/emily-lamena](www.linkedin.com/in/emily-lamena)
- ![Image](https://www.mines.edu/grewcockscholars/wp-content/uploads/sites/344/2023/08/Emily-LaMena.jpg)
## Education
- BSc. Geophysical Engineering, Colorado School of Mines (2027)
    - [Grewcock Presidential Scholar](https://www.mines.edu/grewcockscholars/)
    - [Cross Country / Track and Field](https://minesathletics.com/sports/cross-country)
- High School Diploma, John H. Glenn High School (2023)

## Relevant Coursework
### Spring 2025
- **GPGN 229**: Mathematical Geophysics
- **GPGN 268**: Geophysical Data Analysis
- **GPGN 498**: Geohazards
- **DSCI 503**: Advanced Data Science
### Fall 2024
- **GPGN 228**: Introduction to Geophysics
- **GEGN 212**: The Rock Cycle

## Experience
### Lifeguard, Trident Recreation - Long Island, NY
- June 2024 - August 2024
### Soccer Trainer, Long Island Goalkeeper Training - Smithtown, NY
- September 2019 - June 2022
### Summer Camp Counselor, Elwood Athletic Club - East Northport, NY
- June 2021 - August 2021
